.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2020 Pierre-Lin Bonnemaison <raspbianfrance@gmail.com>,
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH Raspisms SECTION "February 13 2020"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
Raspisms \- program to manage GSM messages and contacts
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./console.php
<controller> <method>
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B Raspisms
software.
For more complet documentation please visit 
.B https://Raspisms.raspberry-pi.fr/documentation.
.PP
.B Raspisms
is a program that allow users to send and receive GSM message, using GSM message to remote control a computer and manage contacts, groups and a lot more.
.SH COMMANDS
.B Raspisms
allow you to call any action using the command line by calling
.BR
.B ./console.php <controller> <method>.
.SH OPTIONS
Each controller has his own methods, and each methods his own arguments.
.PP
Calling a controller with 
.B--help
or without anny method will return availables methods and arguments.
.PP
.B <controller>
is a filepath or namespace for php file under 
.B /controllers
directory, where directory containing
.B ./console.php
is root (/) directory.
.SH DAEMON
Raspisms use background daemon to perform many actions, like reading, sending and tacking messages. Thoses daemons can be managed using 
.PP
.B systemctl start|stop raspisms
